Come back in this video we are going to bring over our crawler to Python.
So so far we have only worked with our Jupiter notebooks but now we can use pi charm in order to use
our whole program in a ID.
And while PI charm is a great idea.
We decided to use Jupiter notebook at the start because it's much easier to follow along.
Mainly at the beginning but as soon as we go to more complex programs it's really helpful to use pi
charm.
So I'm going to create a new python file in here and I'm going to create it with the name crawler.
So I'm just going to call this crawler and I'm going to use a capital C here.
Now this crawler p y.
That's my Python code that I can run.
So in here I can just say something like.
Print Hello world.
And now in order to run the code I just go to run and press run of course you can also use a short code
for short cuts and then can a press run and decide to do I'll use my crawler here and there we are.
We have printed hello world onto our screen.
So that's the very first basic statement that we have used.
Now what we can do is we can bring over our whole code from here in order to execute it in PI charm
in order to have it in a more structured way and more advanced way.
And so in order to do that I'm going to create a new Python package and I'm going to call this Python
package crawler crawl.
All right so as you can see now there is a new folder in here which is my Python package and it has
an image file.
And in here I will need to add stuff as I go.
As you might recall from the modules video where we used modules and wanted to import them.
So in this crawler I'm going to create a new file.
So I'm going to create a new python file and that will be called cruel article.
So it should be a python file.
I'm going to call it like that.
And then I'm going to create a new one as well.
A new python file that I'm going to call article fetcher and now we can copy the code from Jupiter notebook.
So let's go here and corrupt the copy It is called Article and put it into our crawl.
Article Why file so select across the article.
Here at the top and put everything in there.
So then you can save this.
And now let's go ahead and do the same with the article fetcher.
So let's take all this article fetcher stuff up to that point.
So this is just part of the class only that is going to be required in the article fetcher.
And now when we have that you can see that there are some errors here.
So it says time is not known.
Requests is not known.
And the cool thing here is that this even this pie chart tells us where errors are.
So what I can do here is to find solutions so I just press over it and then I can press command of one
in order to get more information or I can just open it up here as you can see import this name create
paramita and so forth.
And what we want to import is actual time.
So as you can see there is time there date time and so forth.
So the one that we want to use is time and we can of course also just go ahead and copy the code from
here.
So import request and import time.
So I'm going to add that in here and poured time and import requests and as you see when I enter something
it already predicts what I would like to have.
Or it gives me some choices.
And in this case I can just go ahead and use requests.
Now there is this cross article still missing and how do I import cross article because I have the article
and it's my own program program or my own file here.
And I would like to use it but I need to import it somehow.
Well Therefore we need to use our in or top y file.
So let's check out the in a file as you can see it's empty.
So I can just say underscore underskirt all underscore underscore is equal to my list of Karole article
article and article fetchers so article fetcher.
Now let me say that as well with command s or file save all or save all.
And now I can go ahead and use it in here so I can import it here.
And how do I imported from and here daughter cross article import called Article.
So what I'm saying here is from this quote article file which is within the same folder.
That's why we have this dot here.
So this quote article file is in the same folder as the article fetcher.
That's why I can use a dot here then I'm saying which file I would like to import.
And from that I would like to import the actual class called crawled out crawled article Why do I do
that.
Well because in Kroeber article there could be multiple classes.
So some people they create multiple classes in one file and then you need to specify or you could specify
which of those classes you would like to import.
All right so I'm just going to say the article and as you can see here suddenly this era that we had
before disappeared.
All right.
And now what we can do is we can pretty much use our article fetcher and fetch and all of this stuff
so we can just go ahead and copy that code here.
We're going to adjust it a little bit but we can copy it from here.
So let's go back in our cruller the wife file and in here instead of printing hello world I would like
to use my fetcher.
Is going to be an article fetcher and as you can see I'm still getting this error because I need to
import article fetcher then I have my calendar where I define how many entries I would like to be displayed
and this print statement Well I can leave it there for now.
But let's find a way to fix this error here and you might remember how to fix it while we can of course
use those same imports that we did here where we say import or from crowd article import carolled article
and so forth.
Or we can change our cruller that way so that we can just say something like import crawler.
So then we would import this whole Python package or this whole folder which is a module which contains
all of the things that we need.
Now that by itself is not going to do much and use the import statement.
Well that's one point.
But the other thing is we need to adjust this file a little bit.
So in here now we can say from DOT crawled article import crawled article and from that article fetcher
import article fetcher.
And now let's save that file once again.
Let's go back to our cruller Depue why.
And my guess is it's still shown the error.
So let me import the crawler once again and in case this error still appears you can of course from
cruller start article fetcher import article feature.
So you can of course still do that.
All right so now let's run the code and I'm going to start it.
And as you can see now it gives me the articles that I was searching for.
So the emoji is and the title of the article of course you can get a lot more from it but that's it
for now and more it's everything that I would like to have for now.
So now you see how you can go ahead and pretty much use Python.
And as you can see it's also very powerful and can help you a lot when writing code and you will find
arrows much easier than we did before and that's why the next chapter is going to be all about exceptions.
So see you there.